Add project and community section in docs (#51)
canonical/saml-integrator-operator: docs/index.md

If there's a particular area of documentation that you'd like to see that's missing, please [file a bug](https://github.com/canonical/saml-integrator-operator/issues).

## Project and community

The SAML Integrator Operator is a member of the Ubuntu family. It's an open source
project that warmly welcomes community projects, contributions, suggestions,
fixes and constructive feedback.
* [Code of conduct](https://ubuntu.com/community/code-of-conduct)
* [Get support](https://discourse.charmhub.io/)
* [Join our online chat](https://chat.charmhub.io/charmhub/channels/charm-dev)

> * [Contribute](https://charmhub.io/indico/docs/how-to-contribute)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Contribute](https://charmhub.io/saml-integrator/docs/how-to-contribute)
```

> Thinking about using the Indico Operator for your next project? [Get in touch](https://chat.charmhub.io/charmhub/channels/charm-dev)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thinking about using the SAML Integrator for your next project? [Get in touch](https://chat.charmhub.io/charmhub/channels/charm-dev)!
```

Author: Thx!
